regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'AMIKACIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'AMOXICILLIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'AMPICILLIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'AVIBACTAM') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'AZITHROMYCIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'AZTREONAM') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'BACITRACIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'BEDAQUILINE') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'BESIFLOXACIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'CASPOFUNGIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'CEFADROXIL') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'CEFAZOLIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'CEFDINIR') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'CEFEPIME') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'CEFIDEROCOL') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'CEFIXIME') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'CEFOTAXIME') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'CEFOTETAN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'CEFOXITIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'CEFPODOXIME') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'CEFPROZIL') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'CEFTAROLINE') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'CEFTAZIDIME') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'CEFTOLOZANE') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'CEFTRIAXONE') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'CEFUROXIME') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'CEPHALEXIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'CHLORAMPHENICOL') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'CIPROFLOXACIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'CLARITHROMYCIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'CLAVULANATE') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'CLINDAMYCIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'CLOFAZIMIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'CLOTRIMAZOLE') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'COLISTIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'DALBAVANCIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'DAPTOMYCIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'DELAFLOXACIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'DEMECLOCYCLINE') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'DICLOXACILLIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'DORIPENEM') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'DOXYCYCLINE') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'ERAVACYCLINE') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'ERTAPENEM') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'ERYTHROMYCIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'ETHAMBUTOL') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'FLUCONAZOLE') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'FLUCYTOSINE') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'FOSFOMYCIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'GATIFLOXACIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'GENTAMICIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'GRISEOFULVIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'IMIPENEM') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'ISONIAZID') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'ITRACONAZOLE') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'KETOCONAZOLE') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'LEVOFLOXACIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'LINEZOLID') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'MEROPENEM') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'METRONIDAZOLE') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'MICAFUNGIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'MILTEFOSINE') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'MINOCYCLINE') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'MOXIFLOXACIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'NAFCILLIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'NATAMYCIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'NEOMYCIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'NITROFURANTOIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'OFLOXACIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'OMADACYCLINE') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'ORITAVANCIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'OXACILLIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'PAROMOMYCIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'PENICILLIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'PIPERACILLIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'POLYMYXIN B') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'POSACONAZOLE') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'PYRAZINAMIDE') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'RELEBACTAM') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'RIFABUTIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'RIFAMPIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'RIFAPENTINE') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'SULBACTAM') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'SULFAMETHOXAZOLE') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'SYNERCID') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'TAZOBACTAM') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'TELAVANCIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'TERBINAFINE') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'TETRACYCLINE') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'TIGECYCLINE') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'TINIDAZOLE') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'TOBRAMYCIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'TRIMETHOPRIM') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'VABORBACTAM') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'VANCOMYCIN') or
regexp_like(MEDICATION, 'VORICONAZOLE') or
